New "Upgrade to v0.23 doc", changed existing Upgrade doc to be patch-specific (#200)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/v0.16/06_manage-astronomer/05_upgrade-astronomer.md

---

> title: "Upgrade to a Patch Version of Astronomer Enterprise"
> navTitle: "Upgrade to a Patch Version"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Update the patch version of Astronomer Enterprise"
navTitle: "Update patch version"
```

Author: Based on some docsets from other companies, I think the current wording is appropriate. When people are looking for these docs, I think they're looking to upgrade Astronomer rather than updating a version.

> description: "How to upgrade your Astronomer Enterprise Platform to a new patch version."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "How to update your Astronomer Enterprise Platform to a new patch version."
```

---

## Overview

> As of Astronomer v0.16, Astronomer releases will be made generally available to Enterprise customers on a quarterly basis as part of a long-term support (LTS) release model. Critical security and bug fixes will be regularly shipped as patch versions that follow LTS releases.

Reviewer: took longer than a quarter, so maybe run this by engineering to make sure quarterly vs bi-quarterly

Reviewer: Also, it's important that we say how long an LTS version will be supported, I think we should say 1 year.

Reviewer 2: @sjmiller609 Yea, we should clarify that here. @jwitz Let's keep moving on this PR and let me chat with @astrorfox about how we want to communicate EOL on v0.16 + v0.23 - we can follow up on this.

---
title: "Upgrade to a Patch Version of Astronomer Enterprise"

> navTitle: "Upgrade to a Patch Version"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
navTitle: "Upgrade to an Astronomer Patch Version"
```

Too long? I think not including it would cause some confusion with Airflow versioning, which could also be "patch"

Author: I think this being in the `Manage Astronomer` tab would resolve any confusion on that front.

Reviewer 2: @jwitz Fair - I think the nav title would be too long. Let's keep yours!

- Y: Minor Version
- Z: Patch/Hotfix

> For example, upgrading Astronomer from v0.16.4 to v0.16.5 would be considered upgrading to a patch version, whereas upgrading from v0.15.0 to v0.16.0 would be considered upgrading to the latest minor version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, upgrading Astronomer from v0.16.4 to v0.16.5 would be considered upgrading a patch version, whereas upgrading from v0.15.0 to v0.16.0 would be considered upgrading a minor version.
```

Author: Based on some docsets from other companies, I think the current wording is appropriate. When people are looking for these docs, I think they're looking to upgrade Astronomer rather than updating a version.

- Y: Minor Version
- Z: Patch/Hotfix

For example, upgrading Astronomer from v0.16.4 to v0.16.5 would be considered upgrading to a patch version, whereas upgrading from v0.15.0 to v0.16.0 would be considered upgrading to the latest minor version.

> The following setup is only for upgrading to the latest patch version. To upgrade to the latest minor version, read [Upgrade to Astronomer Enterprise v0.23](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.16/manage-astronomer/upgrade-to-0-23)

Reviewer 2: This feels a little too late in the game to clarify - should we give a clearer lay of the land in the ## Overview by bringing up the scope of this doc higher and then linking out to the minor upgrade doc sooner?
